There is something that she's comped on,
which is she's suffered or went through depression after winning
her second Olympic gold. Why do you think this happens?
You often hear stories of great champions becoming depressed after
the Olympics.
There's a lack of purpose afterwards, right?
Because you you've done in life. What you set out to do,
you've had a goal every day, you woke up, you knew what your purpose was.
You knew what your, you knew what your day looked like.
You knew why you were doing that.
And all of a sudden you won and you got all the fame and you're all happy and
it, but then you wake up and you go now what?
I don't have a next. And, and also because there was nothing for her,
there was no, there was no path set out for Kayla that said, okay,
we're gonna, you know, you're gonna become an ambassador,
a global ambassador of judo. You know, the I JF is gonna help pay a salary. The,
the USA judo is gonna to give you a salary. Here's what we,
we want you to go teach children.
We want you to go be an ambassador for woman. We're gonna fly you around. And,
and you know, whatever it is, we didn't give you a job.
And here's what you're gonna do. You know, if you'd like to take it,
there was nothing for her.
Like I remember doing the interview at the Olympics with her and they said,
are you gonna compete in the next Olympics? And I said, no, what,
why she already two time gold medalist? What,
what does three time gold medalist do for her? Nothing. Right?
Doesn't motivate her to do it again. They said, are you doing MMA? I said, no.
Why would she do MMA? That's ridiculous. Like, she doesn't need MMA.
She should be able to make a living off of what she's accomplished in this sport
for the rest of her life. Yes, but happens is,
and what most people don't understand is once you say I'm retired,
I'm no longer competing in the, in the sport of judo.
You don't get a salary from USA judo anymore, which she was getting.
I think she got like $72,000 a year from, from USA. Judo. At the time,
you don't get a stipend from the Olympic committee anymore. Goes away.
Your sponsor,
like the New York athletic club was a great sponsor for her for all those years.
In fact,
she could have never been the athlete she became without the support of the NYC.
Cuz I talked to them when she was 15. I said, Hey,
I got a girl that's really good someday. Like if you invest in her,
I promise you she'll pay back for you. Mm-hmm <affirmative>. And they,
and I remember the day she won the Olympic goal, they called the guy up. I said,
Hey, I told you, she mean so, but you know,
they can no longer give you stipends because you're not competing and
representing them anymore. So that goes away. Um,
all of your sponsorships and all of your money that you would make from your TV,
commercial or whatever, that didn't happen for her after the Olympics,
cuz Judah's a obscure sport. Right?
So she didn't have any opportunities for that. At the end of the day,
she has no, no revenue coming in. How do you live?
You get a bonus of 25 grand from the Olympic committee or whatever for,
for winning a gold. But aside from that, you're not gonna live on that money.
So no purpose, no goal. Right? What am I gonna wake up and do tomorrow?
I don't know. So she has no direction. And at the same,
then at the same time she has no money coming in. So everything shuts off.
So now it's like way do you turn, what do you do? You know? And,
and that leads to being depressed because yeah,
even though I've accomplished all this stuff, I'm kind of lost in life.
Like what's next for me?
And I guess, did you just have to ride that out?
Because when you're a great human being, a great champion,
life has a way of <affirmative> helping you find a way, right? I mean,
she she's in mixed martial arts now, but she has a lot of stuff going on.
Right? Well, her kids, she, she, she adopted her, her sister's kids.
So she's their legal guardian now. So that is her purpose, right? Raising,
raising these kids and making them part of her family. And um,
she's fortunate enough that she,
she has enough money that she can do that and she can give them a good life.